No, I must have answered correctly just now.
This must be an antique padded jacket
What's your trouble?
Nothing, by the way, mom
I've never seen this before.
Kind of curious.
This is a sewing box in our house.
I thought about it, and I was also hospitalized left and right.
Let your sister bring it over
Maybe you can still sew clothes, mom
Don't be too tired. It's alright?
Mom, I just got off work, you're done.
Is it Miss Hong?
Your daughter is so beautiful.
Brother, Xiaoming, what's wrong with you?
OK
Nothing bothers you.
Well, cardiovascular problems
It's serious.
It's no small matter if this delays treatment
But everyone is in the hospital
I shouldn't have to worry about it.
Mom was indeed bullied by the people
It doesn't bleed, but it doesn't necessarily require surgery.
I can eat it before I finish it
Auntie, how did you sleep this afternoon?
It's clean here
Slept well, don't you know?
Did you disturb Mr. Hou?
Not really. No, actually.
Exactly, I'm bored by myself
Is there a big girl to chat with?
This leather gall is gone hahaha
You two are chatting about eggplant
Dad, how are you doing?
Is it okay? What can I do?
Isn't it just the body to check?
Can't see the fuss
Mom
Well, here's the hen soup I made all night.
nourish the body
You can't drink it.